update security overview pentest rules (#1864)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/VTEX-Platform-Overview/security.md

## Penetration tests and vulnerability reports

Our Security team regularly performs vulnerability checks, including recurring scans and penetration tests.  Upon request to our [Support](https://help.vtex.com/en/tracks/support-at-vtex--4AXsGdGHqExp9ZkiNq9eMy/2Ik9CGbPeZIHHaYFsuyId3), merchants may have access to the **Attestation of Penetration Testing** report for the latest penetration tests performed on our behalf by an independent, reputable and technically competent third-party security consultancy. Learn more at [Penetration tests](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/penetration-tests--6jodF6s1I50Fg84ZwutOCb).

Vulnerabilities will be assessed as long as they are reported in accordance with the procedures outlined in [Reporting vulnerabilities](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/reporting-vulnerabilities--2veBKt7ZGkjdqlMU3F0JYC).

> >⚠️ Please note that our Master Services Agreement (MSA) expressly forbids performing penetration tests against the VTEX platform without our prior written consent. Doing so without our authorization would constitute a breach of contract by the customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>⚠️ Our [Master Services Agreement (MSA)](https://vtex.com/us-en/privacy-and-agreements/agreements/) expressly forbids performing penetration tests against the VTEX platform without our prior written consent. Doing so without our authorization would constitute a breach of contract by the customer.
```
